Field of Study: Accounting and Finance
Finance: Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments. It includes the dynamics of assets and liabilities over time under conditions of different degrees of uncertainty and risk. Finance can also be defined as the science of money management. Finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected rate of return. Finance can be broken into three different sub-categories: public finance, corporate finance and personal finance. Financial managers are responsible for the financial health of an organization. They produce financial reports, direct investment activities, and develop strategies and plans for the long-term financial goals of their organization.
Accounting: Accounting involves recording, analysing and reporting financial transactions in order for companies to be able to make strategic business decisions. Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting. As an accountant, you will be responsible for an individual's or a company's financial statements, ensuring that they are accurate and comply with laws and regulations. Accountants advise their clients or employers on ways to reduce costs and improve profits. Accountants also need to analyse trends to project future revenues and expenses.
Accounting and Finance: Accounting involves recording, analysing and reporting financial transactions in order for companies to be able to make strategic business decisions. Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting. As an accountant, you will be responsible for an individual's or a company's financial statements, ensuring that they are accurate and comply with laws and regulations. Accountants advise their clients or employers on ways to reduce costs and improve profits. Accountants also need to analyse trends to project future revenues and expenses. Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments. It includes the dynamics of assets and liabilities over time under conditions of different degrees of uncertainty and risk. Finance can also be defined as the science of money management. Finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected rate of return. Finance can be broken into three different sub-categories: public finance, corporate finance and personal finance. Financial managers are responsible for the financial health of an organization. They produce financial reports, direct investment activities, and develop strategies and plans for the long-term financial goals of their organization.
Banking and Finance: In general terms, banking is the business activity of accepting and safeguarding money owned by other individuals and entities, and then lending out this money in order to earn a profit. There are different types of banking which consist of personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Economics and Finance: Economics is the branch of knowledge concerned with the production, consumption, and transfer of wealth. It studies how individuals, businesses, governments and nations make choices on allocating resources to satisfy their wants and needs, and tries to determine how these groups should organize and coordinate efforts to achieve maximum output. Specifically, economists may analyze issues such as consumer demand and sales to help a company maximize its profits. They also conduct research, collect and analyze data, monitor economic trends, and develop forecasts on a wide variety of issues, including energy costs, inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, business cycles, taxes, and employment levels, among others.
Islamic Finance: Islamic banking is a banking system that is based on the principles of Islamic law, also referred to as Shariah law, and guided by Islamic economics. Two basic principles behind Islamic banking are the sharing of profit and loss and, significantly, the prohibition of the collection and payment of interest by lenders and investors. Collecting interest or "riga" is not permitted under Islamic law. Since this system of banking is grounded in Islamic principles, all the undertakings of the banks follow Islamic morals.
Professional Accounting: Professional accounting programmes are a fast-track way to start working in the financial services industry. These include globally recognised programmes from professional bodies such as the ACCA and ICAEW, which are designed to get you certified in the shortest time possible.

Field of Study: Architecture and Built Environment
Architecture: Architecture is the art of designing the human built environment. Buildings are one of the most visible productions of man, and vary greatly in design, function, and construction implementation across the globe. The architecture programme develops both academic understanding and practical skills required for careers in the professional ﬁeld. Graduates will be equipped for careers in the broad ﬁeld of design in the built environment sector.
Construction Management: Construction Management is a service that uses specialized, project management techniques to manage the planning, design, and construction of a project, from its beginning to its end. The purpose of CM is to control a project's time, cost and quality. Construction managers work closely with architects and engineers to go over plans and blueprints, making timetables for the project, determining material and labor costs, negotiating with and hiring subcontractors and workers, scheduling workers on site, gathering permits and making sure everything is up to code.
Interior Architecture: Interior Architecture explores the link between the interior and architecture where interior spaces are inhabited and experienced as works of art that are rich in spatial investigations and interventions. The programme gears its students towards the future of being thinkers rather than just doers; ‘think-and-do-tanks’ that addresses human needs on a variety of scales. This will enable students to engage with current public expectations of interior architecture practice with the adaptive and increasingly complex and ever changing demands of design and current trends from the industry.
Interior Design: Interior design is the art and science of enhancing the interiors, sometimes including the exterior, of a space or building, to achieve a healthier and more aesthetically pleasing environment for the end user. Interior design is a multifaceted profession that includes conceptual development, space planning, site inspections, programming, research, communicating with the stakeholders of a project, construction management, and execution of the design.
Quantity Surveying: A Quantity Surveyor (QS) is a construction industry professional with expert knowledge on construction costs and contracts. At the end of the study, students will achieve the requisite skills in the measurement of building and infrastructure works and able to collaborate with all industry players on the latest ICT platform.
Urban Planning: Urban planning is a technical and political process concerned with the development and design of land use and the built environment, including air, water, and the infrastructure passing into and out of urban areas, such as transportation, communications, and distribution networks and the provision of municipal services to residents and visitors. Urban planning deals with physical layout of human settlements.

Field of Study: Business
Management: Management is the administration of an organization, whether it is a business, a not-for-profit organization, or government body. Management includes the activities of setting the strategy of an organization and coordinating the efforts of its employees to accomplish its objectives through the application of available resources, such as financial, natural, technological, and human resources.
Actuarial Science: Actuarial science is the discipline that applies mathematical and statistical methods to assess risk in insurance, finance and other industries and professions. The majority of actuaries are employed in the insurance industry, and deal primarily with risk. They will provide the statistical probability of a future event occurring (such as accidents or natural disasters), and advise managers on how to reduce any likely financial impact of adverse events.
Business Administration: Business administration is management of a business. It includes all aspects of overseeing and supervising business operations and related field which include Accounting, Finance and Marketing. The administration of a business includes the performance or management of business operations and decision making, as well as the efficient organization of people and other resources, to direct activities toward common goals and objectives. In general, administration refers to the broader management function, including the associated finance, personnel and MIS services. A business administrator oversees a business and its operations. The job is to ensure that the business meets its goals and is properly organized and managed. The tasks a person in this position has are both wide and varied, and often include ensuring that the right staff members are hired and properly trained, making plans for the business' success, and monitoring daily operations. When organizational changes are necessary, a person in this position usually leads the way as well.
Business and Management: A business (also known as an enterprise, a company, or a firm) is an organizational entity and legal entity made up of an association of people, be they natural, legal, or a mixture of both who share a common purpose and unite in order to focus their various talents and organize their collectively available skills or resources to achieve specific declared goals and are involved in the provision of goods and services to consumers. Every business requires some form of investment and enough customers to whom its output can be sold on a consistent basis in order to make profit. A business can also be a nonprofit organization that operates to fulfill a charitable mission. Management is the administration of an organization, whether it is a business, a not-for-profit organization, or government body. Management includes the activities of setting the strategy of an organization and coordinating the efforts of its employees to accomplish its objectives through the application of available resources, such as financial, natural, technological, and human resources.
Economics: Economics is the branch of knowledge concerned with the production, consumption, and transfer of wealth. It studies how individuals, businesses, governments and nations make choices on allocating resources to satisfy their wants and needs, and tries to determine how these groups should organize and coordinate efforts to achieve maximum output. Specifically, economists may analyze issues such as consumer demand and sales to help a company maximize its profits. They also conduct research, collect and analyze data, monitor economic trends, and develop forecasts on a wide variety of issues, including energy costs, inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, business cycles, taxes, and employment levels, among others.
Entrepreneurship: Entrepreneurship is the process of designing, launching and running a new business, which is more often than not, initially a small business, offering a product, process or service for sale or hire. The people who create these businesses are called entrepreneurs. An entrepreneur refers to a person who has an innovative business idea, who is willing to take the risk of implementing the idea, and who also takes on the role as leader of the company or organization - assuming full responsibility for its execution, success, or failure.
Human Resource Management: Human Resources is primarily concerned with the management of people within organizations, focusing on policies and on systems as well as maximizing employee productivity. HR departments are responsible for overseeing employee-benefits design, employee recruitment, training and development, performance appraisal, and rewarding (e.g., managing pay and benefit systems).
International Business: International business is basically the exhange of goods and services among individuals and businesses in multiple countries. International business can also be referred to as globalization. Globalization refers to the tendency of international trade, investments, information technology and outsourced manufacturing to weave the economies of diverse countries together. Studying international business will provide you with insights into the global economic and business climates. Additionally, many institutions strongly advise (or require) students who major or minor in international business to study a foreign language and/or to complete an overseas study or internship experience.
Logistics and Supply Chain Management: Logistics is generally the detailed organization and implementation of a complex operation. In a general business sense, logistics is the management of the flow of things between the point of origin and the point of consumption in order to meet requirements of customers or corporations. Everything and everyone involved in the delivery of products or materials is encompassed by supply chain management, including transportation logistics management.
Marketing: Marketing is not just associated with buying and selling a product or service. It includes advertising, selling and delivering products to people. Marketing deals with identifying, creating and communicating value of a product or service to meet the needs of an audience while making a profit. Marketing is also used to retain and satisfy the customer. Without marketing, potential customers will not be able to know the company's best products or services and sales may crash and eventually companies may have to close.
MBA Programme: A master of business administration (MBA) is a graduate degree achieved at a university or college that provides theoretical and practical training to help graduates gain a better understanding of general business management functions. The core courses in an MBA program cover various areas of business such as accounting, applied statistics, business communication, business ethics, business law, finance, managerial economics, management, marketing and operations in a manner most relevant to management analysis and strategy. Most programs also include elective courses and concentrations for further study in a particular area.
Project Management: Project management is the discipline of initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing the work of a team to achieve specific goals and meet specific success criteria at the specified time. Essentially, the project manager is accountable for the success or failure of a project. Typical responsibilities of a project manager include: Planning, Executing, and Closing Projects — defining the project, building its comprehensive work plan, and managing to the budget.
Property & Real Estate: Real estate is property consisting of land and the buildings on it. Real estate can be grouped into three broad categories based on its use: residential, commercial and industrial. Becoming a real estate salesperson can be a confusing process for many people. It isn't necessarily a career that requires a college education, but it certainly helps. Becoming a real estate agent requires a license that is regulated by the state in which you wish to sell, buy, lease, or manage real estate.
Retail Management: Retail management is a process of promoting greater sales and customer satisfaction by gaining a better understanding of the consumers of goods and services produced by a company. A retail manager is the person ultimately responsible for the day-to-day operations (or management) of a retail store.

Field of Study: Communication and Media Studies
Animation: Students learn how to observe the world around them, drawing directly from life to gain inspiration for characters and stories. They discover how to think creatively and develop ideas through multiple stages, focusing on character development, narrative and performance. They also learn fundamental 2D and 3D animation skills to bring their stories to life.
Broadcasting: Broadcasting is one of the most persuasive forces in the world today. For many people, broadcasting is a major source of events, information, entertainment as well as education. Broadcasting focuses on script writing, multimedia creation, video shooting and editing, audio recording, directing and producing programmes to inform, entertain or shape society at large.
Communication: Communication straddles many aspects of life and work. In this course, students will develop understanding and skills in a number of areas - visual, written, multimedia and spoken and interpersonal communication and in researching and exploring communications.
Film & Television: Film and Television is aimed at students with a passion for cinema, television and moving image art forms, which they want to develop through filmmaking and critical thinking about film. Students will be exploring writing, image creation, managing and producing, and the theory and history of film and television while developing a deep understanding of the motion picture medium. Graduates acquire the knowledge and skills needed for a career in film or television.
Graphic Design: The course designed to provide the relevant skills through knowledge and research, and apply them to design solutions for industry-related projects. Students are exposed to a wide range of graphics and visual techniques. This broad exposure enables students to specialise in a particular discipline such as illustration, photography, advertising and multimedia.
Journalism: Journalism is the activity of gathering, assessing, creating, and presenting news and information. It is also the product of these activities. The purpose of journalism is thus to provide citizens with the information they need to make the best possible decisions about their lives, their communities, their societies, and their governments.
Mass Communication: Mass Communication revolves around delivering timely information to a wide audience anytime and anywhere, regardless of location restrictions. It encompasses a wide range of topics such as entertainment, news, branding activities, and public advice – that is repeated on magazines, television, newspapers, radio, online portals, and advertisements. The programme equips students with the skillsets required in managing, analysing, and strengthening communications in multiple areas such as interpersonal, public, and professional interactions.
Multimedia Design: Multimedia design is the art of integrating multiple forms of media. It is used in video games, information kiosks, websites and many other interactive applications. Graduates will use their skills in graphic design, animation and technology to create products.

Field of Study: Computing and IT
Computer Science: Computer Science is the study of computers and computational systems. Unlike electrical and computer engineers, computer scientists deal mostly with software and software systems; this includes their theory, design, development, and application. The most important aspect of computer science is problem solving, an essential skill for life. Students study the design, development and analysis of software and hardware used to solve problems in a variety of business, scientific and social contexts.
Information Systems: Information Systems is an academic study of systems with a specific reference to information and the complementary networks of hardware and software that people and organizations use to collect, filter, process, create and also distribute data
Information Technology (IT): Information technology is revolutionising the way we communicate, conduct business and relax. This course will be able allow you to design, develop and manage practical industry relevant IT solutions. Graduates may find employment as computing professionals in both the commercial and technical sectors of the computing industry.
Software Engineering: This course is specifically designed to provide familiarity with the tools and rigorous methodologies used to develop mission-critical and safety-critical software systems; the ability to critically evaluate design paradigms, languages, algorithms, and techniques used to develop large-scale and complex software systems as well as a deep appreciation of the importance of software architecture, testing, documentation, and maintainability. As a software engineer, you will apply engineering principles to systematically analyse, develop and improve software to ensure it runs effectively, safely and securely.

Field of Study: Creative Arts and Design
Creative Arts: Creative arts encompass fields of study including theater arts, visual arts, and creative writing, among others. Depending on the specific art form studied, these programs allow opportunities for artistic expression while meeting some general education requirements.
Fashion Design: Students will be exploring the garment-making process in full, building technical know-how in every stage, from concept to stitching, catwalk to selling.
Industrial Design: Industrial design is the integration of aesthetics, technology, ergonomic and marketing – know- how into new products, in which needs of people are transformed into potentially commercially product. Students get to go through a creative problem-solving design attitude.
Make-Up and Hair Design: Make-up & Hair Design is perfect if you’re excited and inspired by the transformative power of creative fashion make-up and hair design. From classical to conceptual, from catwalk to contemporary art, this subject area will prepare you for a career as a practicing make-up and hair artist, working across all fashion formats or in the beauty media arena.
Music: Music as an art form and universal language has tremendous impact on human society, and music as a professional realm is a challenging field. Students get to explore different genres, areas of contemporary music theory, composition and performance.
Performing Arts: Performing arts are a form of art in which artists use their voices, bodies or inanimate objects to convey artistic expression. It is different from visual arts, which is when artists use paint, canvas or various materials to create physical or static art objects. Performing arts include a range of disciplines which are performed in front of a live audience.

Field of Study: Education
Education: Education is the process of facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits. Educational methods include storytelling, discussion, teaching, training, and directed research.
Early Childhood Education: Early childhood education is a branch of education theory which relates to the teaching of young children up until the age of about eight. It equips students with knowledge, skills and competencies for them to be employed in childcare settings and preschools.
English (Teaching): TESL, or Teaching English as a Second Language is the practice of teaching the English Language.
Special Needs Education: Special education is the practice of educating students with special educational needs in a way that addresses their individual differences and needs. Ideally, this process involves the individually planned and systematically monitored arrangement of teaching procedures, adapted equipment and materials, and accessible settings.
Teaching: Do you want to inspire the next generation? Then teaching is the path for you. Most university level education courses prepare students for a number of roles in primary, secondary and college-level education, combining both theory and practice.

Field of Study: Engineering
Electronic Engineering: Electronic engineering is an engineering discipline which utilizes nonlinear and active electrical components (such as semiconductor devices, especially transistors, diodes and integrated circuits) to design electronic circuits, devices, VLSI devices and their systems. The discipline typically also designs passive electrical components, usually based on printed circuit boards.
Aeronautical Engineering: This course course aims to provide students with a broad base of engineering, computational and analytical skills, as well as the specific knowledge and experience required for careers in the aeronautical industry. After this course, students will be able to acquire and apply fundamental knowledge of mathematics, science and engineering principles to solve complex mechanical and aeronautical engineering problems
Aircraft Maintenance Engineering: This programme is different in nature from traditional engineering programmes, that includes mechanical and aeronautical engineering which emphasize heavily on the design aspects of engineering. The elements of aircraft design which are more relevant to maintenance activities such as advanced material technologies, durabilities and repairs are included in order to increase the student readiness to face the demand of highly sophisticated aircrafts.
Automotive Technology: Automotive technology is the practical application of knowledge about self-propelled vehicles or machines. Students studying automotive technology learn about engine construction, fuel and ignition systems, power trains, brakes, transmissions, electronic and diagnostic equipment, and more.
Biomedical Engineering: Biomedical engineering, or bioengineering, is the application of engineering principles to the fields of biology and health care. Bioengineers work with doctors, therapists and researchers to develop systems, equipment and devices in order to solve clinical problems.
Chemical Engineering: Chemical and materials engineering is a fascinating discipline involved in building and sustaining the world around us as well as designing new materials for the future. The study of chemical and materials engineering enables students to transform basic academic education into professional engineering skills. Graduates apply their knowledge of energy, raw materials, process chemistry, process dynamics and other matters to achieve the highest possible product quality and process efficiency to provide for societal needs while demonstrating a concern for the environment.
Civil Engineering: Civil engineering is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design, construction, and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment, including works like roads, bridges, canals, dams, and buildings. Civil engineers must consider many factors in the design process, from the construction costs and expected lifetime of a project to government regulations and potential environmental hazards such as earthquakes.
Computer Systems Engineering: Computer engineering is a mix study of computer science and electrical engineering to further advancements in digital technology, computer networking and systems. The computer engineering curriculum places emphasis on both hardware and software aspects of system design and ensures that the design experience, which includes both analytical and experimental studies, is integrated throughout the program in a sequential manner leading to advanced work.
Electrical & Electronic Engineering: Electrical and Electronic Engineering continues to transform the way we live – from the latest consumer products through to sophisticated scientific and industrial technologies. Electronic and electrical engineers are highly employable and can find work in many industries, including electronics, automotive, IT, telecoms, manufacturing, power, transport, utilities and construction.
Electrical Engineering: Electrical engineering is the design, building and maintenance of electrical control systems, machinery and equipment. Some electrical engineering concerns are also found in mechanical and civil engineering. The term electrical engineering often includes electronics engineering. While electrical engineers mainly focus on large-scale production and distribution of electrical power, electronics engineers are concerned with smaller electronic circuits and often also work with computers and other modern technologies.
General Engineering and Technology: General engineering and technology focus on the understanding of applied engineering and a generic knowledge of technological equipment, methods and processes. It involves mathematical and computer skills, understanding of mechanics, material physics and statistics. Graduates can have career in architecture offices, construction companies, engineering firms, or in research and developmen firms.
Industrial Engineering: Industrial engineering is a branch of engineering which deals with the optimization of complex processes, systems, or organizations. Industrial engineers apply science, mathematics, and engineering methods to complex system integration and operations.
Manufacturing Engineering: Manufacturing Engineering is a branch of professional engineering concerned with the understanding and application of Engineering Procedures in Manufacturing Processes and Production Methods. Manufacturing Engineering requires the ability to plan the practices of manufacturing; to research and to develop tools, processes, machines and equipment; and to integrate the facilities and systems for producing quality product with the optimum expenditure of capital. The Manufacturing or Production Engineer's primary focus is to turn Raw Material into an Updated or Finished Product in the most effective, efficient & economic way possible.
Mechanical Engineering: Mechanical engineering is the discipline that applies engineering, physics, and materials science principles to design, analyze, manufacture, and maintain mechanical systems. Students will able to construct and evaluate alternative design concepts, undertake detailed engineering analysis and mechanical design as well as manufacture prototypes and evaluate its performance.
Mechatronics Engineering: Mechatronics is a multidisciplinary field of engineering that integrates mechanics, electronics, computer science and control theory. Mechatronics engineers develop, improve and optimise products and their functionality. Mechatronics engineer will improve the performance, features and functionality of products like cars, aircraft systems, medical and surgical devices and dishwashers.
Petroleum Engineering: Petroleum engineering is a field of engineering concerned with the activities related to the production of hydrocarbons, which can be either crude oil or natural gas. Exploration and production are deemed to fall within the upstream sector of the oil and gas industry, whilst downstream sector is the refining of petroleum crude oil and the processing and purifying of raw natural gas, as well as the marketing and distribution of products derived from crude oil and natural gas.
Geomatic Engineering: Also sometimes called Land Surveying, geomatic engineering involves collecting, integrating and working with geographic data. Geomatics is an important function in civil engineering and construction projects which requries land surveying conducted before starting.
Material Engineering: Materials Engineering involves investigating the relationships that exist between the structures and properties of materials. Based on these structure-property correlations, a Materials Engineer will be able to design or engineer the structure of a material to produce a predetermined set of properties.

Field of Study: Hospitality and Services
Tourism Management: Tourism is defined as travelling and staying outside your normal residence and work-place. Tourism management will deepen your understanding about tourism as an activity, how the industry is organised and developed, and how tourism influences society.
Culinary Arts: This programme takes students through key stages of classical and international cuisine preparation, garde manger, butchery, patisserie and bakery. At the same time, students will learn to develop your professionalism in producing world class cuisine.
Event Management: This course is designed to equip students with fundamental work skills for the events industry and the ability to recognise the industry’s development and growth. Graduates of the programme are expected to be competent to handle not only the common event, hospitality and tourism practice but as well to provide advice on complex strategic issues in business decision making process.
Hospitality and Tourism Management: It’s all about food, accommodation and drinks. It’s all about tourists, travelling, attractions and customer service. Basically, hospitality and tourism is all about helping people enjoy themselves when they’re out and about.
Hospitality Management: Hospitality management refers to the study of the hospitality industry and its management needs. People who are interested in careers in the industry may opt to pursue it as a field of study so that they can start their careers on solid footing. The hospitality industry is vast and very diverse. Any time people travel, stay in a hotel, eat out, go to the movies, and engage in similar activities, they are patronising establishments in the industry.
Hotel Management: Students will obtain an overview of the accommodation and foodservice operations and management; plus a good understanding of the hospitality business. Graduates will be able to demonstrate an advanced knowledge of food and beverage, housekeeping, front office and the general operation of hotels and resorts.

Field of Study: International Pre-University
American Degree Transfer Programme: The American Degree Transfer Program (more commonly known as ADP) is a direct entry into university level after SPM or O-Level. It is basically a 4-year degree program (2 years local and 2 years in US).The programme has been designed in consultation with American universities to ensure that students can transfer seamlessly to America to complete their studies. Students are exposed to the same education system practiced in the States, preparing them for transition to the American university life.
Australian Degree Transfer Programme: This program allows students to transfer to Australia collaboration universities after they have completed 1 to 2 years of their degree locally.
Australian Matriculation (AUSMAT): AUSMAT stands for Australian Matriculation and it is a term that represents all Australian Year 12 qualifications in general. Malaysian institutions are currently offering the qualifications/examinations from 2 regions in Australia: SACE - Most Malaysian colleges are offering SACE, which is administered by South Australian Certificate of Education Board. SACE consists of 70% coursework and 30% examination. This Pre-U program is for students who have completed their SPM/O-Level.You are suitable for SACE if you prefer an Australian education and exposure, want international acceptance / recognition, prefer flexible assessment structure and want flexibility of choosing subjects from different streams like science and humanities. WACE - It is administered by Western Australian Certificate of Education Board. WACE consists of 50% coursework and 50% examination. This Pre-U program is for students who have completed their SPM/O-Level. Similar to SACE, you are suitable for WACE if you prefer an Australian education and exposure, want international acceptance / recognition, prefer flexible assessment structure and want flexibility of choosing subjects from different streams like science and humanities.
Canadian Matriculation: This Pre-U program is for students who have completed their SPM/O-Level. This program now widely known as CIMP (Canadian International Matriculation Programme) but at one point it was also called CPU (Canadian Pre-University). It offers the Canadian Secondary School curriculum, in accordance to the requirements of the Ontario Ministry of Education, Canada. You are suitable for this Pre-U if you prefer emphasis on continuous assessment and formative feedback, rather than final external examination and wish to be engaged in the educational community by participating in extra-curricular activities and exploring individual interests and creative skills.
A-Level: The A-Level (Advanced Level) is a subject-based qualification conferred as part of the General Certificate of Education, as well as a school leaving qualification offered by the educational bodies in the United Kingdom. There are two types of A-Levels in Malaysia which are Cambridge and Edexcel. This Pre-U program is for students who have completed their SPM/O-Level. You are suitable for A-Level if you are academically inclined with a strong analytical and inquisitive mind, aim to apply for competitive courses and / or universities and prefer a 100% examination-based assessment.
Monash University Foundation Year (MUFY): Regarded as “Year Zero” in the Monash Tertiary Education, the Monash University Foundation Year (MUFY) is the academic bridge for students to progress successfully into undergraduate studies at Monash University. Equivalent to the Australian Year 12, this course is conducted on a modular teaching and learning concept and is usually completed over two semesters, between nine and eleven months
South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE): SACE International is administered by South Australian Certificate of Education Board. SACE consists of 70% coursework and 30% examination. This Pre-U program is for students who have completed their SPM/O-Level.You are suitable for SAM if you prefer an Australian education and exposure, want international acceptance / recognition, prefer flexible assessment structure and want flexibility of choosing subjects from different streams like science and humanities.
Transition Program: 
International Baccalaureate (IB): The International Baccalaureate (IB) is a globally recognised qualification that challenges, encourages and inspires students to become creative problem-solvers and lifelong independent thinkers. This programme is perfect for preparing students for university study and an international career.
International Baccalaureate (IB Diploma): The International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme (DP) is a challenging and comprehensive two-year educational program primarily for students aged 16 to 19. It is offered in over 140 countries and is widely recognized by leading universities worldwide as a robust preparation for higher education. Unlike many national curricula that might specialize early, the IB DP aims to provide a broad and balanced education, encouraging students to be well-rounded, critical thinkers with an international perspective.

Field of Study: Language and Social Studies
English: English is the language of science, of aviation, computers, diplomacy, and tourism. Being confident with your English can enhance your life in so many ways. It can improve your social life and increases your chances of getting a good job in a multinational company within your home country or of finding work abroad. It can even help you make the most out of the internet.
Counselling: The programme will equip students with a basic level of knowledge and skills in working with different client groups and specific client issues. It will also introduce students to the ethical and professional issues faced by counsellors in human service industries.
Chinese Studies: China has undoubtedly one of the most multifaceted cultures, history and politics in the world. Its civilization spans thousands of years and encompasses triumphs that stand witness until today. Chinese Studies aim to introduce students to the various aspects of the Chinese community – its language, rich culture, writing, literature and the history of China.
Malay Studies: Malay studies provides broad knowledge of the developments and problems in the Malay world, encouraging the development of new and alternative approaches to the understanding of Malay history, economy, politics, society and culture.
Policy Science: The policy science is an approach to understanding and solving problems. Whether the problems are local, regional, international, or planetary, the policy science provides an integrated and comprehensive set of procedures for addressing them in ways that help to clarify and secure the common interest.
International Relations: The study of international relations revolves around globally oriented issues across nations, where students will have the opportunity to examine international affairs from multiple perspectives e.g. political, economic, or cultural aspects.
Psychology: Psychology is the science of behavior and mind, embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought. Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior, while also exploring the physiological and biological processes that underlie cognitive functions and behaviors.
Social Sciences: Social science is a broad term for subjects that explore human society and the relationships within it, subjects from politics and social policy to psychology and sociology.
Translation Studies: Translation studies is an academic interdiscipline dealing with the systematic study of the theory, description and application of translation, interpreting, and localization. As an interdiscipline, Translation Studies borrows much from the various fields of study that support translation. These include comparative literature, computer science, history, linguistics, philology, philosophy, semiotics, and terminology.
Police Science: Police Science covers knowledge in law enforcement and security studies and preparatory skills needed to operate in the field of Policing, Law Enforcement and Security Management
Language Studies: Linguistics & Language Studies examines the building blocks of languages, how they develop over time, how people learn languages, how regional accents differ and more.

Field of Study: Law
Certificate in Legal Practice (CLP): The Certificate in Legal Practice (CLP) is a 9-month long post-graduate course and examination taken by foreign law graduates and graduates to become a qualified lawyer in Malaysia. The examination is conducted by the Legal Profession Qualifying Board of Malaysia and is governed by the Legal Profession Act 1976. The Board allows degree holders from shortlisted universities in the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand to sit for the examination. Like all law graduates, CLP graduates must proceed to read in chambers or better known as chambering. After completing nine (9) months of chambering, the student may finally be called to the bar and become a qualified lawyer.
Law (LL.B.): The Bachelor of Laws is an undergraduate degree in law (or a first professional degree in law, depending on jurisdiction) originating in England and most common law jurisdictions as the degree which allows a person to become a lawyer. The standard degree is 3 years to complete. It can form the first major step towards qualifying for practice as a solicitor or barrister, but also represents appropriate preliminary training for a range of other careers in which legal knowledge is an asset.
UK Law Degree Transfer Programme: These transfer programs allow students to start pursuing a UK law degree locally before transferring to a leading partner university in the United Kingdom to read an undergraduate LLB degree.

Field of Study: Medicine and Allied Health Sciences
Chiropractic: Chiropractic is a form of alternative medicine mostly concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of mechanical disorders of the musculoskeletal system, especially the spine.
Dentistry: Dentistry is a professional career dedicated to the evaluation, diagnosis, prevention and treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions of the oral cavity, maxillofacial area (upper and lower jaws), associated structures next to these areas and their impact on the human body. As a dentist, you are a member of the healthcare team providing advice to the public about oral healthcare.
Health Studies: Health Studies promote healthy lifestyles, improve health care systems, and bring together the science and the social aspects of health. This program will prepare you for a range of such careers as patient education and worksite wellness, healthcare policy and government, pharmaceutical sales, healthcare marketing and public relations, and much more.
Healthcare: Healthcare is the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disease, illness, injury, and other physical and mental impairments in human beings. Healthcare is delivered by health professionals (providers or practitioners) in allied health fields. Physicians and physician associates are a part of these health professionals. Dentistry, midwifery, nursing, medicine, optometry, audiology, pharmacy, psychology, occupational therapy, physical therapy and other health professions are all part of healthcare. It includes work done in providing primary care, secondary care, and tertiary care, as well as in public health.
Medical Sciences: Medical Sciences integrates knowledge of how the human body functions, how it reacts to disease and pharmacological treatment for disease, with the skills needed to enter a range of clinical and academic health professions.
Medical Technology: Medical technology can be considered as any technology used to save lives in individuals suffering from a wide range of conditions. In its many forms, medical technology is already diagnosing, monitoring and treating virtually every disease or condition that affects us. Medical technology can be familiar, everyday objects such as sticking plasters, syringes or latex gloves. Alternatively, it could also be spectacles, wheelchairs and hearing aids. Meanwhile, at the high tech end of the scale, medical technology includes total body scanners, implantable devices such as heart valves and pacemakers, and replacement joints for knees and hips.
Medicine: Medicine is the science and practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. Medicine encompasses a variety of health care practices evolved to maintain and restore health by the prevention and treatment of illness.
Nursing: Nursing is the protection, promotion, and optimization of health and abilities, prevention of illness and injury, facilitation of healing, alleviation of suffering through the diagnosis and treatment of human response, and advocacy in the care of individuals, families, groups, communities, and populations. Nurses develop a plan of care, working collaboratively with physicians, therapists, the patient, the patient's family and other team members, that focuses on treating illness to improve quality of life.
Nutrition: Nutrition is the intake of food, considered in relation to the body's dietary needs. Nutrition is studied alongside biochemistry and physiology, food science, food safety and food production, which will students a unique opportunity to gain insights into related fields in agriculture and the food industry.
Occupational Safety & Health: Occupational safety and health is a multidisciplinary field concerned with the safety, health, and welfare of people at work. Graduates can be OSH Specialist, Health Inspector, Safety Officer and Facilities Manager.
Optometry: Optometry is a health care profession which involves examining the eyes and applicable visual systems for defects or abnormalities as well as the medical diagnosis and management of eye disease.
Pharmaceutical Science: The pharmaceutical sciences combine a broad range of scientific disciplines that are critical to the discovery and development of new drugs and therapies. These include drug design and discovery, use of drugs in treatment of disease, analysis of drug responses in living systems as well as analytical chemistry of drugs, among others.
Pharmacy: Pharmacy is the science and technique of preparing and dispensing drugs. It is a health profession that links health sciences with chemical sciences and aims to ensure the safe and effective use of pharmaceutical drugs.
Physiotherapy: Physiotherapy helps restore movement and function when someone is affected by injury, illness or disability. Physiotherapists help people affected by injury, illness or disability through movement and exercise, manual therapy, education and advice.
Sports Science: Sports science is a discipline that studies how the healthy human body works during exercise, and how sport and physical activity promote health and performance from cellular to whole body perspectives. The study of sports science traditionally incorporates areas of physiology (exercise physiology), psychology (sport psychology), anatomy, biomechanics, biochemistry and biokinetics. Sports scientists and performance consultants are growing in demand and employment numbers, with the ever-increasing focus within the sporting world on achieving the best results possible.
Traditional Chinese Medicine: Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is a style of traditional medicine built on a foundation of more than 2,500 years of Chinese medical practice that includes various forms of herbal medicine, acupuncture, massage (tui na), exercise (qigong), and dietary therapy. TCM practitioners use herbal medicines, mind and body practices like tai chi, acupuncture, massage therapy, and nutrition to help treat patients of all kinds, including those with chronic pain, fatigue, headaches, infetility and hormnonal imbalances.
Veterinary Medicine: Veterinary medicine is the branch of medicine that deals with the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of disease, disorder and injury in non-human animals. A veterinarian is a medical professional who protects the health and well-being of both animals and people. They diagnose and control animal diseases and treat sick and injured animals.
Biomedical Sciences: Biomedical sciences are a set of applied sciences applying portions of natural science or formal science, or both, to knowledge, interventions, or technology that are of use in healthcare or public health.
Forensic Science: Forensic science is the use of scientific methods or expertise to investigate crimes or examine evidence that might be presented in a court of law. Forensic science comprises a diverse array of disciplines, from fingerprint and DNA analysis to anthropology and wildlife forensics. Though they represent varied disciplines, all forensic scientists face a common set of challenges. How do you ensure that forensic methods produce reliable results? How do you communicate findings to a jury or other nonexperts in a way that is accurate and understandable? How do you keep up with new technology without falling behind on casework? Meeting these and other challenges is critical to ensuring that forensic science remains a powerful force in support of justice and public safety.

Field of Study: Science and Mathematics
Chemistry: Chemistry is the scientific discipline involved with compounds composed of atoms, i.e. elements, and molecules, i.e. combinations of atoms: their composition, structure, properties, behavior and the changes they undergo during a reaction with other compounds. Chemistry addresses topics such as how atoms and molecules interact via chemical bonds to form new chemical compounds.
Agriculture: Agricultural studies is a broad field that covers the production, distribution, management and research of agricultural goods. A bachelor's degree program in agricultural studies can help you qualify for a position as an agricultural scientist or operations inspector, animal breeder, farm manager or food technologist.
Aquatic Science: Aquatic Science is the multidisciplinary study of aquatic systems, encompassing both freshwater and marine systems. Aquatic scientists study processes that cover time scales ranging from less than a second to daily, weekly, monthly, seasonal, annual, decadal, or geological (millions of years), and spatial scales ranging from millimeters to ecosystems to ocean-wide.
Biochemistry: Biochemistry, sometimes called biological chemistry, is the study of chemical processes within and relating to living organisms. It is a program that focuses on the scientific study of the chemistry of living systems, their fundamental chemical substances and reactions, and their chemical pathways and information transfer systems, with particular reference to carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. Biochemists and biophysicists play a key role in developing new medicines to fight diseases such as cancer.
Bioinformatics: Bioinformatics is the application of information technology to the study of living things, usually at the molecular level. Bioinformatics involves the use of computers to collect, organize and use biological information to answer questions in fields like evolutionary biology.
Biology: Biology is the natural science that involves the study of life and living organisms, including their physical and chemical structure, function, development and evolution. In general, biology recognizes the cell as the basic unit of life, genes as the basic unit of heredity, and evolution as the engine that propels the creation of new species.
Biotechnology: Biotechnology is a highly interdisciplinary field that combines biological sciences with engineering technologies to manipulate living organisms and biological systems to produce products that advances healthcare, medicine, agriculture, food, pharmaceuticals and environment control. Biotechnology is one of the fastest growing areas in applied biology. The programme gives students theoretical and practical background in biotechnological techniques and applications while developing a strong understanding of cellular biology involving microbiology, biochemistry, genetics and molecular biology.
Environmental Health: Environmental health is the branch of public health that is concerned with all aspects of the natural and built environment that may affect human health. AThis program focuses on human health arising from living and environmental conditions, whether manmade or natural surroundings.
Environmental Sciences: Environmental science is an interdisciplinary academic field that integrates physical, biological and information sciences (including ecology, biology, physics, chemistry, zoology, mineralogy, oceanology, limnology, soil science, geology, atmospheric science, and geodesy) to the study of the environment, and the solution of environmental problems. Related areas of study include environmental studies and environmental engineering. Environmental studies incorporates more of the social sciences for understanding human relationships, perceptions and policies towards the environment. Environmental engineering focuses on design and technology for improving environmental quality in every aspect.
Food Science: Food science draws from many disciplines such as biology, chemical engineering, and biochemistry in an attempt to better understand food processes and ultimately improve food products for the general public. Food scientists study the physical, microbiological, and chemical makeup of food. By applying their findings, they are responsible for developing the safe, nutritious foods and innovative packaging that line supermarket shelves everywhere. The food you consume on a daily basis is the result of extensive food research, a systematic investigation into a variety of foods’ properties and compositions.
General Sciences (Postgraduate): General Science is a unique area of study that allows each student to design their own academic program in the natural sciences. Postgraduate studies in science commonly focus on a single area of specialisation, allowing the student to develop a more in-depth understanding of the subject matter.
Geology: Geology is an earth science concerned with the solid Earth, the rocks of which it is composed, and the processes by which they change over time. A geologist is a scientist who studies the solid and liquid matter that constitutes the Earth as well as the processes that shape it.
Mathematics: Mathematics is the study of topics such as quantity (numbers), structure, space and change. Mathematics is the science that deals with the logic of shape, quantity and arrangement. Mathematics is essential in many fields, including natural science, engineering, medicine, finance and the social sciences.
Physics: Physics is the natural science that involves the study of matter and its motion and behavior through space and time, along with related concepts such as energy and force. Physics doesn’t just deal with theoretical concepts. It’s applied in every sphere of human activity, including development of sustainable forms of energy production, developing computer games, design and manufacture of sports equipment, treating cancer, through radiotherapy, and diagnosing illness through various types of imaging, all based on physics.
Geography: Geography is the study of places and the relationships between people and their environments. Geographers explore both the physical properties of Earth’s surface and the human societies spread across it. They also examine how human culture interacts with the natural environment and the way that locations and places can have an impact on people. Geography seeks to understand where things are found, why they are there, and how they develop and change over time.
General Sciences (Oversea): General Science is a unique area of study that allows each student to design their own academic program in the natural sciences.
Nautical Science: Nautical science is the study of navigation, seamanship, ship handling, and marine engineering, among other related topics. It involves the knowledge and skills necessary to operate and manage a ship at sea. Nautical science includes a wide range of subjects, such as celestial navigation, electronic navigation, marine meteorology, oceanography, marine communication, maritime law, marine safety, and environmental protection.